Update table.md (#11882)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/table.md

{{< dashboards-widgets-api >}}

> ## Formulas and Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Formulas and functions
```

> Table widgets can be used with formulas and functions for different data sources. In the following example, `Average` column is calculated as a ratio of two other columns for the `cart_value` in log events for Enterprise customer tier data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use table widgets with formulas and functions for different data sources. 

In the following example, the `Average` column calculates a ratio of `Total Enterprise Customers` / `Total Revenue Enterprises` for the `cart_value` in log events of enterprise customer tier data.

```

> {{< img src="dashboards/widgets/table/table_formulas_functions.png" alt="Table formulas and functions" style="width:80%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use table widgets with formulas and functions for different data sources. 

In the following example, the `Average` column calculates a ratio of `Total Enterprise Customers` / `Total Revenue Enterprises` for the `cart_value` in log events.

{{< img src="dashboards/widgets/table/table_formulas_functions.png" alt="Table formulas and functions" style="width:80%;">}}

```
